[EDU-4564] refactor: refine Fingerprint guide (#954)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/fingerprint.mdx

Then, it creates a unique identifier containing all this information and sets it as a session cookie named `_azfp_sc`, as cookies are always sent in the requests made by the browser. The script checks if the session cookie already exists. If so, it won't create a new one.

Azion provides a code sample for this JavaScript injection that you can include in your project. To do so:

1. Add [this file](https://mal2u8n8zk.map.azionedge.net/274addd29ac1edb2b200a297b98581cd88465e2ee36f18cfdbdc063402063fe5.js) to your HTML source, following this example:

```bash
<script src="https://mal2u8n8zk.map.azionedge.net/274addd29ac1edb2b200a297b98581cd88465e2ee36f18cfdbdc063402063fe5.js"></script>
```

Alternatively, you can also:

1. Copy the code in [this file](https://mal2u8n8zk.map.azionedge.net/274addd29ac1edb2b200a297b98581cd88465e2ee36f18cfdbdc063402063fe5.js).
2. Create a new JavaScript file with the code.
3.  Include the JavaScript file in your project folder.
    1. In this example, the file name is `fingerprint-script.js`
4. Then, add it to your HTML source, following this example:

```bash
<script src="https://example.com/fingerprint-script.js"></script>
```

Where: 

> - `https://example.com/` é o seu domínio.

Reviewer: Tradução: "é o seu domínio"?

> - `https://example.com/` é o seu domínio.

Author: ```suggestion
- `https://example.com/` is your domain.
```

> - `fingerprint-script.js` é o nome do seu arquivo JS.

Reviewer: Mesmo caso de tradução?

> - `fingerprint-script.js` é o nome do seu arquivo JS.

Author: ```suggestion
- `fingerprint-script.js` is your JavaScript file name.
```
